Modern computational chemistry is already a large field with decades of research carried out.

Here are some resources to get started: 

1. The lectures by Prof. David Sherrill on computational chemistry: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLFYoDkTAQWKBarFNED2smakjXwK5hkUrP

I watched these as well when I started my research and it clarified a lot of key concepts for me. 

I would suggest you start from the second half of the lecture 'Introduction to Key Concepts from Quantum Mechanics for Beginning Computational Chemists' 
in the playlist, and make it all the way to the 'Basis sets part 2' lecture. I suppose this is around five hours of lectures.
I think this would be an excellent use of the remaining week before the official start of the BEP - if you make it through these and grasp
the concepts, you are well on your way towards understanding current research publications, and towards carrying out some interesting research of 
your own. 

You should naturally use this in conjunction with reference no. 2 below (which talks about many of the same topics). 
Prof. Sherrill also has some lecture notes on his website: http://vergil.chemistry.gatech.edu/notes/. These are a bit more advanced, but are still worth 
a look (especially the parts that relate to the content of the video lectures). 

(the ones below I already sent you via e-mail:) )

2.  ‘Quantum computational chemistry’ McArdle et al, Rev. Mod. Phys. 92, 015003 
A nice introduction to quantum computing and why it is interesting for quantum chemistry.
Sections I-IV might be all interesting for you, and VB and VIIA are (in my opinion) a great introduction to the world of quantum algorithms, 
in fact coding the example in VIIA might be a very useful (and even challenging) exercise to start off with!
 
3. https://qutip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ documentation for qutip, the python library for quantum mechanics. 
You can already try installing it and going through the given examples. The example in VIIA from the previous paper can be implemented using this library! 
Again, this is not the easiest exercise so you can let me know in case you have difficulties.

4. NOTE: I'd suggest to go through the references below only once you have gone through the ones mentioned above, as they are more advanced reading.
Feel free to ask many questions when you get to this point. 

‘The density matrix renormalization group in chemistry and molecular physics’ Baiardi and Reiher, J. Chem. Phys. 152  
‘The density-matrix renormalization group in the age of matrix product states’ Schollwoeck arXiv:1008.3477 for more information about the DMRG algorithm. The latter paper is nicer to know/learn about the algorithm, and the first one is about applying it to quantum chemistry – both of which are, of course, needed in this project.
